Command: add Jon Snow
	Jon Snow was added. 5 spot(s) remain.
Command: display
	Currently Enrolled:
		Student 1: Jon Snow
Command: add Moby Dick
	Moby Dick was added. 4 spot(s) remain.
Command: modify Moby Dick:Gandalf Grey
	Student Moby Dick name modified to Gandalf Grey.
Command: add Jane Eyre
	Jane Eyre was added. 3 spot(s) remain.
Command: modify Jon Snow:Jamie Lannister
	Student Jon Snow name modified to Jamie Lannister.
Command: modify Moby Dick:Nick Carraway
	No student with name Moby Dick found.
Command: remove William Riker
	No student named William Riker was found to remove.
Command: add William Riker
	William Riker was added. 2 spot(s) remain.
Command: add Sherlock Holmes
	Sherlock Holmes was added. 1 spot(s) remain.
Command: modify Sherlock Holmes:Obi-Wan Kenobi
	Student Sherlock Holmes name modified to Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Command: add John Watson
	John Watson was added. 0 spot(s) remain.
Command: add Bram Stoker
	Student Bram Stoker not added. The class is already at capacity.
Command: remove Jon Snow
	No student named Jon Snow was found to remove.
Command: add Lucy Westenra
	Student Lucy Westenra not added. The class is already at capacity.
Command: delete
	Jamie Lannister removed in class delete.
	Gandalf Grey removed in class delete.
	Jane Eyre removed in class delete.
	William Riker removed in class delete.
	Obi-Wan Kenobi removed in class delete.
	John Watson removed in class delete.
	Class was restarted and reopened for enrollment.

Command: add Edward Rochester
	Edward Rochester was added. 16 spot(s) remain.
Command: remove Edward Rochester
	Student Edward Rochester removed. The course now has 17 seats remaining.
Command: modify Minerva McGonagall:Bram Stoker
	No student with name Minerva McGonagall found.
Command: modify Edward Rochester:Minerva McGonagall
	No student with name Edward Rochester found.
Command: modify Edward Rochester:Sansa Stark
	No student with name Edward Rochester found.
Command: remove Edward Rochester
	No student named Edward Rochester was found to remove.
Command: modify Leonard McCoy:Leonard McCoy
	No student with name Leonard McCoy found.
Command: modify Edward Rochester:Gale Hawthorne
	No student with name Edward Rochester found.
Command: remove Jean-Luc Picard
	No student named Jean-Luc Picard was found to remove.
Command: add Hannibal Lecter
	Hannibal Lecter was added. 16 spot(s) remain.
Command: modify Spike Xena:Han Solo
	No student with name Spike Xena found.
Command: display
	Currently Enrolled:
		Student 1: Hannibal Lecter
Command: add Ron Weasley
	Ron Weasley was added. 15 spot(s) remain.
Command: modify Lara Croft:Obi-Wan Kenobi
	No student with name Lara Croft found.
Command: remove Edward Rochester
	No student named Edward Rochester was found to remove.
Command: delete
	Hannibal Lecter removed in class delete.
	Ron Weasley removed in class delete.
	Class was restarted and reopened for enrollment.

    